maybe she doesn't even know the English
dude I don't know every session start
with the guy's daughter that don't mean
nothing she's nice-looking so what no I
just said she's nice-looking and I said
so what you think she's any happier what
do you mean any happier any happier than
any other in this life I don't
know I never met her I think just shows
about people's daily lives you'd be
interested in watching you know like
sick old man skinny little weakling you
know big fat guy wouldn't you watch a
show called big fat guy I'd watch that
extras excuse me background
artists right hey hey mom hey Dad how's
it goin yeah Hollywood's great yeah
still a loser that's like that tits
Jesus are you gay enough for what hello
Studio City bag look at this guy
oh yeah they need that right away it was
the smartest thing that ever came out of
a woman's mouth Einstein's little
kids kind of cute
and she's a little young